The Joe Rogan experience.
That just shows you what a cracker Dustin [inaudible] is the fact that max
Holloway, who beats the out of Calvin cater and says, I'm the best boxer in the,
in the UFC. And Dustin's like, hold on, hold my hot sauce.
Do you not remember what the just went down? Dude.
Just hold.
On here. That's important. He's a bad. He's a bad. He really is.
He texted me after the fight because me and Theo, Theo is a big Dustin your fan.
Cause we're both from Louisiana and RCI. I'm a Conner Dick rider. And so,
and I love Dustin I'm way closer with Dustin, but just, you know,
just for the show, it's fun to bet. And so I bet, uh,
Theo a thousand dollars cash. Whoa. So as soon as Dustin,
I don't know why thought this, as soon as he got backstage,
he must got to this phone, text me, pay Theo as money.
Like yeah. Congrats. That must.
Have been on his head.
[Inaudible] it's all love, man.
I can't wait to tweet. Yeah. You can't say that with a fighter.
You bet against a fighter. You can't say it. They get mad.
They get mad to get personal.
They do well. They're very emotionally invested. So they should be. Yeah.
What do you, what do you do with us the next.
Well there's two options. No, I have not.
But there's the purest option with the purest options. Charles Olivera,
as if you're a purist, you want that fight. And I think I want that fight.
That should be the right thing to do.
If you want to make a shitload of money before Conor fight someone else,
you have the rematch because oh no, you can't do that. Well, here's the thing.
If Conor fights Michael Chandler next, which is a possibility if Dustin fights,
um, uh, Charles Olivera and then Connor fights, Michael Chandler,
what are the odds of Connor beats? Michael Chandler?
I think Michael Chandler is a favorite in that fight. A hundred percent. Yeah.
And w which is very dangerous for your money.
If you want to make a lot of money, what you do is you,
you allow Connor to have some time off you.
How,
what you figured out a way to market this in a way that you explain a way
that Connor could figure out a way to beat Dustin. Good luck, good luck.
He did beat him in the first fight and did rock him in the second fight and
Connor actually, or excuse me, Dustin actually admitted.
There was one point in the first round where he was hurt. And he was like,
if Connor followed up, it might've been in trouble. Uh,
but that might be Dustin also saying like, I would.
Like, he knows what's up.
Might want that rematch, rematch.
I, you in this pains me to say this,
I think you got to take Connor out of the equation. He's out. He sent me.
Let me throw one more variable. Go ahead. The COVID restrictions get lifted.
Dublin, Ireland, soccer stadium.
Nope. Here. Hear me out here, dude.
And it pains me as soon as I love where your head that you got,
you gotta take Connor, other equation of the, for the race, for the title.
Cause you got, what you're going to have is Charles Olvera, DUS employee,
Michael Chandler, Justin Geechee, and then Connor they're over here.
They're out of the tournament. You're you're going to have cannabis, Nate Diaz,
trilogy in Dublin. Go ahead and do that.
But they're not in the race for the title.
Honor versus Nate Diaz is an excellent option.
It's an excellent option because that doesn't offend anyone like myself was both
her time off. Yeah. Give him some time off. Um,
it doesn't offend anyone and Nate is not the kind of kicker that
Dustin is.
He's much more of a boxer it's falls into Connor's wheelhouse more.
And Nate is also insanely durable.
And Nate also has a finish over Connor.
Connor does not have a finish over 8 55.
Where this thing should be settled. Yes, I'll do that in Dublin.
But they're out of the conversation of title titles.
Charles Olvera just engage you Michael Chan.
Yes. That's what a lot of people are very offended that Charles, that excuse me,
that, um, uh,
Michael Chandler gets an immediate jump right into almost title
contention with one knockout over Dan huddle. Then.
You don't know the history of Michael Chandler.
That's true. But.
Talking about a former multi-time world champion, Bella,
tour's fighting the who's who over there, how to finish over Ben Henderson.
But Patricio pit bull knocked him out. How long ago? Yeah.
And who's a smaller guy, but he's also has a win over him.
Too. He does. Well, no, he has a one over his brother. Oh, that's right.
Key PIP. That's right. He killed his brother and then Patricio, uh,
uh, got revenge,
but he's a two division champion and Bellatore catch new episodes of the Joe
Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.